mrudangam
https://music.sas.upenn.edu/sites/default/files/2020-03/mridangam-hand.jpg
Tips for choosing the right mridangam for you
The best Mridangam in India is the one you should buy to reap the benefits of this musical instrument. We have presented a buyer’s guide in order to make it easier for you to decide which one to buy. Multiple factors need to be taken care of while buying this wonderful instrument.

You will get the right Mridangam for yourself if you consider all the necessary factors.

Durability
Durability is the factor you need to consider whenever you buy any product. The same goes for Mridangam. You need to check if the wood used is strong enough, the leather is of good quality and the wooden twigs or the stones are placed at a perfect distance.

Cost
Cost is the primary factor because whatever instrument you buy should not burn a hole in your pocket. The sandalwood used in the Mridangam makes the instrument expensive, whereas the jackfruit tree wood or the Sheesham wood makes the instrument cheaper. There is a difference between leather quality too. Before buying the best Mridangam in India, you need to check all these details.

However, if you feel that with the cost, quality is compromised, then you should avoid buying the cheaper one. The sole focus should be on quality because you can learn and play the instrument properly only when there is no compromise in the quality.

Tonal quality
Tonal quality is the most critical factor when buying the Mridangam. Tonal quality is the essence of the best Mridangam. Therefore, you should choose the Mridangam according to your requirements.

Research on social media
Social media can be beneficial if you want to get some ideas about the best Mridangam around. However, it would be best for you to buy only after thorough research on social media or customer reviews. There are great online sites with the latest musical instruments collection.

Popularity of Mridangam
The more popular an instrument is, the better it is. An instrument becomes popular when it has a unique quality that players have admired. This specific knowledge can help you choose between those with high quality and low quality.

Maintenance of Mridangam
This factor needs to be considered because the wooden twigs and stones present in the instrument need to be tuned every year.





https://maps.app.goo.gl/miaRhTFvD3VDyJHJ7











